# Task: 045e512c.json

In the input, you should see... a large colored shape and smaller colored shapes next to, above, below or diagonal from the largest shape.

The output grid size... is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then build onto the smaller shapes so that they become the same as the original main shape, but do not change their color. Then, continue to draw the same shape in the same color and at the same distance until you reach the end of the grid. So if it is a square, keep adding squares at an equal distance until you reach the edge of the grid. If it is a plus sign or any other shape, do the same. Repeat this in any direction where a small shape is near the original big shape.

---

In the input, you should see... black background with one whole shape and other half-done shapes to its sides.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then create the shapes that look like the whole shape starting from the given half-done shapes. Continue creating the same shape with the same size all the way to the end of the black background side.

---

In the input, you should see... black background with one whole shape and other half-done shapes to its sides.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then create the shapes that look like the whole shape starting from the given half-done shapes. Continue creating the same shape with the same size all the way to the end of the black background side.

---

In the input, you should see...a reference shape, which will be the shape with the most blocks, with various colored blocks to its sides.

The output grid size...stays the same size.

To make the output, you have to... replicate the reference shape, using the color of the other  blocks as a start point and then replicate that pattern to the edge of the grid, even if it needs a incomplete shape.

---

In the input, you should see...a design pattern with incomplete patterns in different colors next to it on a black background

The output grid size...same as the input size

To make the output, you have to...complete the same pattern in the differing color all the way to the edge of the grid along the same direction or line that it starts at.

---

In the input, you should see...a larger shape and smaller shapes

The output grid size...stays the same

To make the output, you have to...duplicate the larger shape using the color and location of each smaller shape.  Once you have done that, you will need to continue the shape pattern to the edges of the grid.  That is make more duplicates being spaced the same distance and direction until you hit the edge of the grid.

---

