# Task: 1bfc4729.json

In the input, you should see... a 10x10 grid with two colors

The output grid size... remains the same size

To make the output, you have to... first fill the single row with the color of each of the colored grid that's on it. Then color the top half edge border with the color of that top grid. Then color the bottom half edge border with the color of that bottom grid.

---

In the input, you should see...10x10 grid

The output grid size...same as input

To make the output, you have to...use same color as input. 2 patterns, top and bottom; pattern like a long A stretch horizontally top then upside down on bottom of grid. To made the A and upside down A all side of grid are colored same color as the near color tile from input. Finally, add a 2 horizontal lines; 1 near top, 1 near bottom.

---

In the input, you should see...10x10 grid with only two box filled with different colors

The output grid size...the size remains the same

To make the output, you have to...fill half the grid with one color and half the other with the other color

---

In the input, you should see...input grid is pink and orange

The output grid size...the grid size is 10*10

To make the output, you have to...output grid is fully colored with half side pink and other side orange

---

In the input, you should see...two colors, one at the top and the other at the bottom

The output grid size...is the same size

To make the output, you have to...use the top color to fill in the entire first row, the first and last blocks of the second row, the entire third row, and the first and last blocks of the 4th and 5th rows. Then use the bottom color to fill in the first and last blocks of the 6th and 7th rows, fill in the entire 8th row, the first and last blocks of the 9th row, and the entire bottom (10th) row

---

