# Task: 1e0a9b12.json

In the input, you should see...4x4 grid with four different colors

The output grid size...stays the same 4x4

To make the output, you have to...Move every color down to the bottom row. If there are multiple colors fill grid going vertically. Fill going vertically the same color.

---

In the input, you should see...four different color pixel shapes each in a column.

The output grid size...does not change.

To make the output, you have to...move all pixels down. The colors do not change. Simply move all pixels down until they sit on top of each other. There should not be any black pixels between the same color in a column.

---

In the input, you should see... grids of squares with colored square scattered.

The output grid size... doesn't change from the input.

To make the output, you have to... think of the grid as a black field and as the colored squares as being objects floating in space. Gravity is suddenly turned on and all of the block fall vertically to the bottom.  That produces the correct output grid.

---

In the input, you should see...varying colors on a black background

The output grid size...stays the same

To make the output, you have to...move each color block to the bottom, think like the game where you line up blocks to create lines to get point after point.

---

In the input, you should see... a 5 by 5 black grid with various squares of different colors. All squares of one color will be in the same column.

The output grid size... remains 5 by 5.

To make the output, you have to... move the squares downward toward the bottom of the grid. All squares of the same color should rest on top of the other squares of the same color in a column, with the bottom of each column on the bottom row of the grid. The rest of the squares remain black.

---

