# Task: 1e32b0e9.json

In the input, you should see...a grid with 9 5x5 square boxes all split by one color. there shapes of another color in 5 of the boxes.

The output grid size...is the same as the input.

To make the output, you have to...use the shape that's in the top left box and replicate that in all the other boxes, but leave the color that is already there, and use the other color, the one that is dividing the 9 boxes, to complete the shapes in the rest of the boxes

---

In the input, you should see...a 17x17 grid that is split into 9 5x5 squares. Inside of these 9 blocks you should see blocks of the same color.

The output grid size...is the same

To make the output, you have to...replicate what is inside of the top left 5x5 grid throughout the rest of the 8 grid left. The color of these additional blocks should match the color of the block cut line.

---

In the input, you should see... a grid of one color with 9 5x5 spaces, some with shapes of another color.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid

To make the output, you have to...take what is in the up left space and put that pattern in all 9 spaces but in the same color as the grid. If a space has a pattern in it already, leave those blocks the same color as you fill in the rest of the first pattern around it in the grid color.

---

In the input, you should see...a colored grid with 9 5x5 spaces. Some of the 9 spaces contain shapes of a color that is different from the color of the grid.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid. s

To make the output, you have to...Take the shape in the upper left space of the grid and copy that pattern in all 9 spaces. If a space in your input has a shape in it, leave those blocks as the same color. Make the other shapes in the output the same color as the colored grid in the input.

---

