# Task: 234bbc79.json

In the input, you should see...three blocks of pixels in different shapes.

The output grid size...is smaller. Output should be 9x3.

To make the output, you have to...correspond  the shapes with one another. The shapes should become one whole object. To do this, move the shape in the middle either up or down, depending on the site of the two outer shapes. Begin with the shape on the left, fill in the grey pixel with the same color. Then create the middle shape, which will touch where the grey pixel was on the left shape. Fill in the grey pixels on the middle shape with its same color. Then add the shape on the far right to the end of the middle shape, where they last grey pixel was on the middle shape. Fill in the rest of the pixels on the right shape with its same color.

---

In the input, you should see...the middle pattern move up or down to join the left and right sides.

The output grid size...is the same as the input

To make the output, you have to...fill in the gray squares with the original color it was placed with

---

In the input, you should see...a 11x3 grid with colored blocks end in a grey block

The output grid size...is 9x3 with the two empty all black column removed.

To make the output, you have to...draw the image with the two removed columns.  Replace the color of the end grey blocks with the color of the original pattern leaving no grey blocks.

---

In the input, you should see...three shapes, all of which have a main color with some grey boxes.

The output grid size...changes in length by removed any black columns that separate the shapes

To make the output, you have to...make any grey boxes the same color as the blocks to which it is connected. Remove columns of black boxes. Align the middle and right shapes so that the former grey squares are connected.

---

In the input, you should see...three different shapes, all of which have a main color with some boxes a grey color.

The output grid size...changes in length by removing any black boxes that separate the shapes

To make the output, you have to...change any grey box to the same color it is connected to.  Remove any column of black boxes that are separating the shapes, so that each shape is next to each other.  The middle shape is moved to the opposite of it's original position, either moving from bottom to top, or top to bottom.

---

