# Task: 2bcee788.json

In the input, you should see...a large grid with two colored area patterns near the middle.

The output grid size...stays the same.

To make the output, you have to...The background is all green.  The object with the smaller number of blocks is not in the new image. The object with more blocks is placed in the same spaces in the new image.  A mirrored image of the object is placed right next to the original object on the same orientation.

---

In the input, you should see...an object on a black background with red blocks.

The output grid size...stays the same.

To make the output, you have to...change the background to green. The object should have 2 colors red and some other color. From the input, take the color that is not red and copy it exactly as it is. You want to make another copy of that color but make it a mirrored image in the direction of the red block.

---

In the input, you should see...black grid with two colored shapes connecting to each other in middle

The output grid size...stays the same

To make the output, you have to...take the shape with more blocks and copy it exactly onto the output grid in the same color, then reflect it in the direction of the smaller shape. So you have an exact reflection of the larger shape. Color the rest of the background light green

---

In the input, you should see...two touching shapes of different colors on a black background. One shape will be larger than the other.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...mirror the shape and color of the larger shape in the direction of the adjoining shape. The smaller shape should be covered by the mirrored shape.

---

