# Task: 3e980e27.json

In the input, you should see...black background, and red blocks and, or green blocks surround by other color blocks.

The output grid size...stays the same.

To make the output, you have to...copy the input. For the green blocks that have nothing around them, make the same placement of blocks around them as the green block from the input that has blocks around it. If there are red blocks with nothing around them in the end result you want to make them be a mirrored image of the input red block, making the colors around the red block go in the opposite direction in on the horizontal.

---

In the input, you should see...a few red and green pixels. One green pixel and one red pixel will have other color pixels around them.

The output grid size...the same size as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...copy the placement and color of the pixels surrounding the red or green pixels that are not alone to the pixels that are alone. If the pixel is green the placement and color of the surrounding pixels should be the same as the surrounded green pixel. This should be applied to all solo green pixels. The same should be done with the red pixels, but the placement of the surrounding pixels should be mirrored horizontally.

---

In the input, you should see...some red and blue pixels. One green and/or one red pixel will have blue or yellow pixels around them.

The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...copy original pixels. If the single pixel is green, copy the color and pattern of pixels from the surrounded green pixel. For the single red pixels, do the same, but the placement of the surrounding pixels should be mirrored horizontally from the original.

---

