# Task: 4290ef0e.json

In the input, you should see...three different shapes, all different colors.

The output grid size...changes to the size of the most large shape.

To make the output, you have to...put all the shapes inside one another from the most large to the most small, and keep the colors the same.

---

In the input, you should see...various outlines of different size and color.

The output grid size...large enough to contain the large outlines.

To make the output, you have to...place the outlines inside each other so the big one contain all others within it, leave the background the same color.

---

In the input, you should see...many different colored blocks that are all in different square shapes that are not completely filled out.

The output grid size...should match the bigger square outline.

To make the output, you have to...place the square outlines from large to small within each other. The square spaces that are not filled should remain the same as the background square colors.

---

In the input, you should see... various bright colors, shapes, and corners of various size

The output grid size... match the biggest square/corner. If you only see two corners, the output grid will always be a square for this.

To make the output, you have to... copy the background color and place all of the shapes in order of size within each other. Square will be in the center, box around that, then corners until all shapes fit exactly in the size of the grid. Keep all shapes their original color.

---

In the input, you should see... various bright colors, shapes, and corners of various size

The output grid size... match the biggest square/corner. If you only see two corners, the output grid will always be a square for this.

To make the output, you have to... copy the background color and place all of the shapes in order of size within each other. Square will be in the center, box around that, then corners until all shapes fit exactly in the size of the grid. Keep all shapes their original color.

---

