# Task: 42a50994.json

In the input, you should see...a grid with colored pixels scattered. Some of the pixels are touching other pixels {on sides/or corners} while some are singletons, not touching any pixels

The output grid size...The output grid size does not change. It is the same as the input

To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid, identify which pixels are connected or touching any other and change background colors of single pixels to the background color or black. Done

---

In the input, you should see...grids of colored pixels scattered. Some of the pixels are connected. some are alone.

The output grid size...same as the input

To make the output, you have to...remove all the single pixels

---

In the input, you should see... s a grid with few colored patterns

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size

To make the output, you have to...find the single colored dots that  have not connect with others. you have to remove the dots that is not  connected with others and leave it as black.

---

In the input, you should see... A grid with colored pixels scattered.  Some of the pixels are touching other pixels (sides and/or corners) and some are singletons, not touching any other pixels.

The output grid size... The output is the same size as the input.

To make the output, you have to...  copy the input grid.  Identify which pixels are connected or touching another pixel and which are singletons not touching any other.  Change the color of each singleton pixel to the color of the background. Done.

---

