# Task: 539a4f51.json

In the input, you should see...A vertical/horizontal pattern in differing colors.

The output grid size...10x10

To make the output, you have to...replicate the pattern in the input box and continue repeating until all the boxes in your 10x10 grid have a color in them (no black around the outside edge). You're making the exact pattern, but miniaturized and repeating. Depending upon input, your pattern will repeat 2-6 times.

---

In the input, you should see...a pattern that is extending from a single-colored square shape.

The output grid size...becomes larger- double the grid size of the input.

To make the output, you have to...first, recognize for the input that any section in BLACK is just left-over grid space and is NOT part of the pattern.Start with the central square-shape and copy the pattern block-by-block. Keep extending the pattern, repeating it the entire grid is filled. For each section the same color as the central square-shape, the thickness is the same as the width of the square.Whatever color the central center-square is, same color patterns as the center-square should also have the same thickness as the width of the center-square (in boxes). (Example: 4x4 blue center-square = blue patterns should be 4 boxes wide)

---

In the input, you should see...a vertical/horizontal pattern in different color patterns

The output grid size...is 10x10

To make the output, you have to...repeat the pattern in the input box and continue repeating until all boxes in your 10x10 grid is colored in. Do not repeat the black color - instead replace it with next color in the pattern.

---

