# Task: 56dc2b01.json

In the input, you should see...one red line and a pattern in green

The output grid size...the same size

To make the output, you have to...copy the green pattern and past it not pass the red line, like move the green pattern to the red line but do not cross the red line, then on the other side of the green pattern add another blue line with the same size and direction of red line to block the green pattern.

---

In the input, you should see...a green pattern on a black grid with a red line on the other side

The output grid size...is the same

To make the output, you have to...take the input green pattern and put it next to(if grid is horizontal) or above/below(if grid is vertical) the red line. then put a LIGHT blue line parallel to the red line creating a box around the green pattern.  Make sure the green pattern is touching both lines but not going over them.  The green pattern should be on the side of the red line that it is in the input.

---

In the input, you should see...a solid red line and a green pattern.

The output grid size...does not change.

To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern against the red line, then add a blue line against the green pattern parallel with the red line.

---

In the input, you should see...a solid red line and a green pattern

The output grid size...does not change

To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern against the red line, then add a blue line against the green pattern parallel with the red line

---

In the input, you should see...a solid red line and a green pattern.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size

To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern against the red line, then add a blue line against the green pattern parallel with the red line

---

In the input, you should see...a green pattern and a red line on a black background.

The output grid size... should be the same as the input.

To make the output, you have to...move the green pattern to be right next to the red line while staying the same exact pattern, then make a light blue line on the other side of the pattern the same way the red line is.

---

