# Task: 57aa92db.json

In the input, you should see...1 complete unique shape object and 2 incomplete object with multi color

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid to make the output you have to copy the input grid then complete the shape of the object

To make the output, you have to...use the unique shaped grids and fill the incomplete with the unique shape

---

In the input, you should see...23 shapes, grids with the same color to form a T, grids with the same color to form a U and the same for a square but with single or multiple grids to form a shape..

The output grid size...does not change.

To make the output, you have to...use the square shaped grids and replicate it with the T and U by not minimizing the square to the size of the T and the U but rather on its original size and the number of used grids, but by ignoring the common color in the shape T or U and the square shaped grids.

---

In the input, you should see... 1 or 2 rectangular 2-color objects, and another 2-color object with a unique shape. All objects share one of their colors.

The output grid size... is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, "apply" the unique object's shape to the rectangular shape. Use the color that all the objects have in common to figure out the size. If the unique object has 1 block of the shared color, and the rectangular object has a 2x2 block of the shared color, then you will have to double the size of the shape to "fit" it to the rectangular shape. Each shape should maintain its color scheme.

---

In the input, you should see... two or three shapes, one of which is bigger, and at least one that's is a T,   or U shape.

The output grid size...does not change.

To make the output, you have to...recreate the full shapes, the T,   or U, in the same direction it's facing. The single space in a given image will be the same as you recreate each shape and nothing moves. So if the single space is blue, the rest of the colors in the shapes will be the other color. You just create the shape from around what's given to you in that spot.

---

