# Task: 662c240a.json

In the input, you should see...a grid with green/red on top, a grid with grey/blue on top, a grid with light blue/yellow on top or a grid with dark red/light blue on top

The output grid size...the output is now 3x3

To make the output, you have to...depending on which top you have you will make that 3x3 square. Green/red top, make over the blue/light blue 3x3 area. Grey/blue top, make the green/pink 3x3 area. Light blue/yellow on top, make the light blue/yellow 3x3 area. dark red/light blue top, make the yellow/green 3x3 area.

---

In the input, you should see...large grid color.

The output grid size...is large.

To make the output, you have to...make it large.

---

In the input, you should see...a vertical grid with two different colors in each square of blocks

The output grid size...is a square with a length and width of three which is the same size as one the squares of two different colors in the input grid

To make the output, you have to...copy the colors of the three by three square blocks composed of two colors from the input grid which does not have blocks of the same color touching on just a corner diagonally but have blocks of the same color touch on at least one side

---

In the input, you should see...three 3x3 grid portion on top of each other.

The output grid size...is 3x3 or one third the size of the input.

To make the output, you have to...start mimicking one 3x3 grid in the output. Try the 3x3 grid at the top first. If that does not work, try the second 3x3 grid in the middle. If that does not work, try the last one on the bottom.

---

In the input, you should see...A grid 3 wide and 9 high.

The output grid size...is a 3x3.

To make the output, you have to.... think of the input as three 3x3 boxes.  Copy the one on top and check if it is correct, if not try making a copy of the second 3x3 in the middle of the input grid and if that doesn't work, try a copy of the bottom 3x3 from the input grid.

---

In the input, you should see...large grid color.

The output grid size...is large.

To make the output, you have to...make it large.

---

In the input, you should see... very well

The output grid size... by changing the numbers

To make the output, you have to... read the instructions

---

