# Task: 673ef223.json

In the input, you should see...2 red lines and 1 to 4 blue dots

The output grid size...stay the same

To make the output, you have to...change the dot color from blue to yellow, and connect them to the red line using blue dots. Mirror the same design on the bottom but instead of stopping where the yellow dots WOULD be, continue to the edge of the grid.

---

In the input, you should see...two red rectangle shapes on a black background, one on the left side and one on the right side. There is a number (one or many) light blue boxes located away from the top red rectangle.

The output grid size...the same

To make the output, you have to...on the top shape, draw lines using light blue to connect the original light blue boxes to the red rectangle. Then, you will turn each original blue rectangle to yellow. On the bottom shape, you will mirror what you did on the top shape, except extend the lines all the way to the edge of the grid. You do not use any yellow on the bottom shape.

---

In the input, you should see...two red base on each side with some light blue dots.

The output grid size...is the same as input grid.

To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid and for the top red base, colored the blocks from red base to light blue block with light blue. Then change the top light blue block to yellow. For the bottom red side base, color the same color rows as the top with light blue to the full row

---

In the input, you should see...blue squares and red squares in a black background.

The output grid size...Remains the same.

To make the output, you have to... replace blue squares with yellow squares and let the blue squares run from yellow squares to the red squares, while at the bottom use pattern from above to run from red squares through the width of the entire grid.

---

