# Task: 6aa20dc0.json

In the input, you should see...there are 1 unique object and 2 incomplete objects

The output grid size...will be same as the input to make the output you have to fill the color as same as the 1 unique object to the 2 incomplete objects

To make the output, you have to...color the grid as per the shape of unique shape

---

In the input, you should see... 3x3 grid and many colored grid.

The output grid size... as same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... see the small 3x3 grid and do a same grid colors for the another two grids.

---

In the input, you should see... 3x3 grid and many colored grid.

The output grid size... as same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... see the small 3x3 grid and do a same grid colors for the another two grids.

---

In the input, you should see...a 3x3 grid consisting of three colors (excluding the background color) and at least one other cluster of squares that have two of the colors of the 3x3 grid.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size

To make the output, you have to...leave the background the same color and use the 3x3 grid as a reference to fill in the third color between the other cluster to complete the pattern seen in the 3x3 grid.

---

In the input, you should see... one small shape made up of three colors, as well as several other smaller square shapes, either single blocks or 2x2 blocks.

The output grid size... is the same as the input grid

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Find the object made of 3 colors and use this as your key - do not make any changes to this shape, but realize that this is your example shape. You then have to recreate that shape using the other single blocks as your starting point. Fill in the missing color to connect blocks so that they make the same shape as the example shape. The result might be flipped or rotated. If you see any 2x2 squares then you should still create the example shape but make it twice as big.

---

In the input, you should see... 2 or 3 clusters of colored boxes, one of which is a "fully colored"  3x3 box

The output grid size...will be the same as the input

To make the output, you have to..."color in" the clusters to make them similar, although maybe rotated to the fully formed object. These clusters may be of different sizes, but they will be dimensionally similar, even if rotated.

---

