# Task: 75b8110e.json

In the input, you should see...an  8x8 grid with a black background and 4 distinct quadrants. The top left quadrant shows a yellow pattern, the top right quadrant shows a gray pattern, the bottom left shows a pink pattern, the bottom right shows a brown pattern.

The output grid size...becomes 4x4

To make the output, you have to...Copy the top-left (yellow) pattern. Then, place the bottom-right (brown) pattern on top. Then, place the bottom-left pattern (pink) on top. Then, place the top-right (gray) pattern on top. Imagine the black squares are transparent, so every time you superimpose each pattern the one below can be seen through the black squares.

---

In the input, you should see... a 8x8 grid with a black background and 4 distinct quadrants.The top left quadrant should have a yellow pattern, the top right quadrant should have a gray pattern, the bottom left should have a pink pattern, the bottom right should have a brown pattern.

The output grid size... becomes 4x4.

To make the output, you have to... resize the output grid to 4x4. Copy the top-left (yellow) pattern. Then, superimpose the bottom-right (brown) pattern on top. Then, superimpose the bottom-left pattern (pink) on top. Then, superimpose the top-right (gray) pattern on top.

---

In the input, you should see...a 8x8 grid with a black background and 4 distinct quadrants. The top left quadrant should have a yellow pattern, the top right quadrant should have a grey pattern, the bottom left should have a pink pattern, the bottom right should have a brown pattern.

The output grid size...becomes 4x4

To make the output, you have to...resize the output grid to 4x4. Copy the top-left (yellow) pattern.  Then, superimpose the bottom-right (brown) pattern on top.  Then, superimpose the bottom-left pattern (pink) on top.  Then, superimpose the top-right (gray) pattern on top.

---

