# Task: 846bdb03.json

In the input, you should see... two vertical line shapes with yellow squares at the top and bottom, and two other shapes that join together with colors that match the middle part of the vertical line shapes.

The output grid size... the height is the same as the height of the vertical line shapes. The width is the same width as the grid between the vertical line shapes plus the two yellow squares.

To make the output, you have to... First, create a black grid according to the output grid size. Next, draw the vertical line shapes on the output grid identical to those on the input grid, and the space between the shapes should be the same too. Then, draw the other two shapes that join together in the middle of the grid, making sure that their colors match the colors of the middle part of the vertical line shapes. If the original color arrangement of the other shapes do not match the vertical line shapes, you need to flip the other shapes and draw them mirroring the original pattern so they match the color of the vertical line shapes.Note that the other two join shapes have to be drawn in the middle of the grid and nothing should be drawn on the grid where the yellow squares are.

---

In the input, you should see...a black grid with colored blocks.

The output grid size...should be the same size as the colored blocks with the yellow on the on the end and the black blocks between them.

To make the output, you have to...rotate the blocks without the yellow so they fit between the blocks with the yellow on the end and the colors match up. All colors should fit within the two sets of blocks with the yellow on the end without a need to go beyond the yellow blocks.

---

In the input, you should see...two vertical lines with yellow blocks in each corner

The output grid size...should place one yellow block in each corner of the grid

To make the output, you have to...match the colors on the pattern into the space between the two vertical lines. Some you can just pull into the middle, some you need to flip around so the colors match the side. The blocks between the yellow blocks at the top and bottom should be black.

---

