# Task: 928ad970.json

In the input, you should see... 4 grey squares and a colored rectangle within the dots.

The output grid size... is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, using the color of the colored rectangle, make the largest rectangle possible that will fit inside the four grey dots. The outside of the new rectangle should touch the inside of all four grey dots.

---

In the input, you should see... 4 gray dots and a colored rectangle inside all 4 dots.

The output grid size... is the same as the input.

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid. Then, make the biggest rectangle possible that is enclosed by all 4 gray dots. Make this rectangle the same color as the smaller rectangle. So, the rectangle you draw should be touching the inside of each gray dot.

---

In the input, you should see... colored squares with a black background and 4 grey squares

The output grid size...the same as the input

To make the output, you have to...draw another square around the outside of the smaller square, but touching the 4 grey squares. The large square should touch all 4 of the grey squares and completely surround the smaller square.

---

In the input, you should see...4 gray dots and a colored rectangle inside all 4 dots

The output grid size...is the same as the input

To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid .then, make the biggest rectangle possible that is enclosed by all 4 gray dots. make this rectangle the same color as the smaller rectangle . so,the rectangle you draw should be touching the inside of each gray dot

---

