# Task: 97a05b5b.json

In the input, you should see...a black background with a block of color that is missing shapes. Those missing shapes are also on the black background, like puzzle pieces.

The output grid size...the size of the large colored block with the missing pieces.

To make the output, you have to...copy the large colored block with the missing pieces. Then copy the puzzle pieces and paste them where they fit in the large colored block to fill in the missing pieces to maintain the shape of the original colored block and its missing pieces.

---

In the input, you should see...a pattern with "missing" shapes placed around it.

The output grid size...is the size of the pattern with missing shapes.

To make the output, you have to...reinsert the missing shapes, bring the surrounding color as well.

---

In the input, you should see...a large grid with a red grid with black blocks missing. As well as small grid blocks with red blocks that fit the black blocks in the large grid.

The output grid size...changes to the size of the large red grid.

To make the output, you have to...fit the red blocks in the small grid blocks where they go on the large red grid with the colored blocks as well.

---

In the input, you should see...a large grid with a red grid with black blocks missing. As well as small grid blocks with red blocks that fit the black blocks in the large grid.

The output grid size...changes to the size of the large red grid.

To make the output, you have to...fit the red blocks in the small grid blocks where they go on the large red grid with the colored blocks as well.

---

In the input, you should see...a big square with missing shape and a small square.

The output grid size...is the same as the big square with the missing pattern.

To make the output, you have to...fill the missing pattern with the small square along with the blue pattern.

---

