# Task: 9af7a82c.json

In the input, you should see...color and number of color.

The output grid size...number of most color x type of color

To make the output, you have to...able grid

---

In the input, you should see...grid filled with different colors. No background color.

The output grid size...width should be the number of colors. Height should be the number of the most....color.

To make the output, you have to...in a black background, fill out the left with the most ... color. Then the second most...third most..continue. Start it from the top.

---

In the input, you should see...several colored shapes interconnected

The output grid size...(the total number of blocks comprising the largest shape) x (the total number of shapes)

To make the output, you have to...straighten out the shapes to become lines, hanging from the top of the new grid. The shapes will be arranged by length, longest starting at the left and shortest at the right. The largest shape should start at the top left and extend all the way down to fill the grid. The next biggest shape will fill in next to it and extend down the number of blocks of the original shape. The next smallest shape will go next extend down the number of blocks of the original shape. Do this until all shapes fill the grid horizontally. The empty space extending below the straightened shapes (now lines) in the bottom-right of the grid will be black.

---

In the input, you should see...a grid with a certain number of colors (either 3 or 4).

The output grid size...must have the same number of COLUMNS as the number of colors in the input grid (if 3 colors in the input grid, there must be 3 columns in the output grid). The number of ROWS in the output grid must be the same number as the number of squares with the most color (if there is 1 green, 2 blue, 3 red and 6 yellow, there must be 6 rows).

To make the output, you have to...Create the grid as described above. You will then color each ROW with the same colors as shown in the input grid. Each ROW will be its own color. The color order is as follows:The first column from the left will contain the majority color in the input grid. This first column should be completely filled with that color.The second column from the left must contain the same number of colored squares as the SECOND most number of squares from the input grid.The third column will contain the same number of colored squares as the THIRD most number of squares from the input grid.And if there is a fourth color, the last column should contain that color and number of squares.Done.

---

In the input, you should see...3x4 block with different pattern

The output grid size...total number of same blue block

To make the output, you have to...decreasing number of blocks

---

