# Task: 9d9215db.json

In the input, you should see...colored boxes arranged in a pattern

The output grid size...should be the same as the input

To make the output, you have to...take the pattern and mirror it to the four corners like a reflection instead of a copy. One color will have 2 blocks of that color. Use that color to make a square around the grid using one for the start and the other for the end. This square will skip one block and then place a block all the way around the grid. If it encounters the patterns that you placed down skip that square

---

In the input, you should see...different colored boxes on a black background.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size.

To make the output, you have to...continue the established pattern, leaving one black square between each colored square in the pattern.

---

In the input, you should see... a few color boxes on  a black grid.

The output grid size... keep it the same

To make the output, you have to... take the main color and create a border frame from the location it is in. take the color next to it and put it on the end point of the border frame. take the color box that is further away and copy that into the 4 directions making sure they are mirror images. A black box should be between each color box.

---

In the input, you should see... several different colored boxes.

The output grid size... stays the same size.

To make the output, you have to... place a set of the colored boxes in each corner, but rotate the boxes so it is a mirror of the original set. For example, if a red box is nearest to the middle in the original set, then in the corners the red box will also be nearest to the middle. Next you will then create a border with the two same colored boxes that border another box. Just repeat those boxes away from the group until they go to another corner.

---

