# Task: b60334d2.json

In the input, you should see...a number of gray single pixel squares

The output grid size...stays the same

To make the output, you have to...copy entire image over.  Add single gray pixels diagonally from each corner of the current gray pixels, should create an X.  Add blue pixels above and to the sides of the center original gray pixels, so it's like a plus sign.  You will now have a number of 3x3 squares.  Replace the very center, where the gray pixels were in the original input, with black.

---

In the input, you should see...different gray squares in the middle

The output grid size...stays the same

To make the output, you have to...place blue to the top, bottom, left, and right of each gray square, change the gray square to black so that it looks like a blue plus sign with a black center, and finally add gray squares on each corner of the plus sign to end up with gray, blue and black squares that are 3x3

---

In the input, you should see...different gray squares in the middle

The output grid size...stays the same

To make the output, you have to...place blue to the top, bottom, left, and right of each gray square, change the gray square to black so it looks like a blue plus sign with a black center, and finally add gray squares on each corner of the plus sign to end up with gray, blue, and black squares that are 3x3

---

In the input, you should see...gray squares on an all black background.

The output grid size...stays the same size.

To make the output, you have to...put a blue square to the top, left, right, and bottom of the grey squares. Then turn the grey squares to black. Then on the 4 corners of your blue plus sign, add grey squares. These new squares should be 3x3.

---

In the input, you should see...Grey blocks in different areas of the grid.

The output grid size...Copy the input grid size

To make the output, you have to... Use the grey block as the center of a square that is surrounded by alternating grey and blue blocks. Blue is at the north, east, south and west position. Change the grey center to black.

---

