# Task: b91ae062.json

In the input, you should see...3x3 colored pattern

The output grid size...will be varied by the input number. of colored pattern

To make the output, you have to...count the number of colors in input, then according to the count, each grid size is changed within  each block. And each block should be colored as same in input

---

In the input, you should see...a series of colored blocks on a black background.

The output grid size...increase to either 6x6, 9x9, or 12x12.

To make the output, you have to...create either 2x2, 3x3, or 4x4 blocks of the original color in the input.

---

In the input, you should see...a random pattern of pixels

The output grid size...is the number of colors in the pattern times 3 for both width and height

To make the output, you have to...re-create the same pattern with a single pixel becoming a square with sides of length corresponding to the number of colors in the original pattern.  In other words, simply increase the resolution of the input  by the number of colors it contains.

---

In the input, you should see...colored block patterns

The output grid size...either 6x6 or 12x12

To make the output, you have to...double the block patterns 2 times the grid size

---

In the input, you should see...various colored squares and the rest will be black in a 3x3 grid.

The output grid size... will zoom out to either 6x6, 9x9, or 12x12, depending how many colors are used (2 colors would make the output 6x6, 3 colors would be 9x9, etc).

To make the output, you have to... just multiply the size of the output grid as stated in the last sentence, but make sure the colors take up as much space as before (if it's a 9x9 grid, each color square will be 3x3, for instance).

---

