# Task: b94a9452.json

In the input, you should see...a square shape with a smaller square centered inside of the larger square on a black background. The two squares are different colors.

The output grid size...is the same size as the larger square.

To make the output, you have to...make an output grid that is the same size as the larger square. The size and placement of the smaller inner square should be the same relative to the input grid. The colors of the two squares should be swapped.

---

In the input, you should see...a square shape with a smaller square centered inside of the larger square on a black background. The two squares are different colors.

The output grid size...is the size of the larger colored square.

To make the output, you have to...reverse the colors of the original squares, keeping their original dimensions.

---

In the input, you should see... A large grid with a colored square. Inside that square is a smaller colored square.

The output grid size...will be the same size as the larger colored square.

To make the output, you have to... copy the colored square pattern, but trade colors. For example: If you have a large blue square with a green center on the input, copy that to make a large green square with a blue center.

---

In the input, you should see....a square shape with a smaller square centered inside of the larger square on a black background. The squares are different colors.

The output grid size...is the same size as the larger square.

To make the output, you have to...make an output grid that is the same size as the larger square. The size and placement of the smaller inner square should be the same relative input grid The colors of the two squares should be swapped.

---

In the input, you should see... A blue square with a green central cell on a black field

The output grid size...  the output grid should match the blue square

To make the output, you have to... Invert the colors of the square and the center cell

---

