# Task: d4469b4b.json

In the input, you should see...a grid with blue, green, or red squares

The output grid size...is 3x3.

To make the output, you have to...make a gray grid with four black corner squares if the input is blue squares. If the input is red squares, make a make a gray grid with the bottom right and bottom left black and the middle left and middle right black. If the input is green squares, make a gray grid with a 2x2 black square in the top left.

---

In the input, you should see... colored squares on a black background.

The output grid size... is 3x3.

To make the output, you have to... make a 3x3 grid. If the input grid has blue shapes, the output should be light grey with black in the four corners (making a grey plus sign). If the input grid has red shapes, the output should be light grey with black on the lower left, middle left, middle right and lower right (making a grey T shape). If the input grid has green shapes, the output should be light grey with black in the upper left, middle left, upper center and middle center (making a 2x2 black square in the upper left).

---

In the input, you should see...a grid with blue,green,or red squares

The output grid size...is 3x3

To make the output, you have to...make a gray grid with four black corner squares if the input is blue squares.if the input is red squares,make a make a gray grid with the bottom right and bottom left black and the middle left and middle right black. if the input is green squares,make a gray with a 2x2 black square in the top left

---

