# Task: e40b9e2f.json

In the input, you should see...an arrangement of colored squares in a pattern

The output grid size...same as input

To make the output, you have to...Without removing anything, rotate the image clockwise 90° using the middle-most point (either grid line or square) as the axis. Fill in the squares to correspond to the new location of the pattern. Repeat until you have completed an entire rotation.

---

In the input, you should see...a colored shape with another color on the outside.

The output grid size...is the same size

To make the output, you have to...copy the outside color to the opposite corners of each side of the inside shape to make a square pattern. Then for the inside shape you have to visualize the pattern clockwise 90 degree, 180 degree, 270 degree, and fill in the grid with all of these overlay on top of each other.

---

In the input, you should see...a colored block with a couple colored squares extending outside it

The output grid size...is the same

To make the output, you have to...extending out the colored blocks one as the two starting those have but from the center block.

---

In the input, you should see...one large shape on a field of black. On one corner of the large shape is a single block of a different color.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...imagine the single colored block on the corner of the large shape is a handle you can use to turn the large shape 90 degrees. Imagine you turn the block 90 degrees, then fill in the squares to look like the what the block would look like if turned. Do this again, and again, so you have - in your mind - turned the block 360 degrees.The new pattern should be symmetrical.

---

In the input, you should see... a colored shape surrounded in black, with a different colored block on one corner.

The output grid size... is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... turn each figure 90 degrees and copy the pattern, repeating to make a symmetrical pattern

---

