# Task: e9614598.json

In the input, you should see...a black grid with two individual blue squares.

The output grid size...copy the input grid size and color.

To make the output, you have to...add a 3x3 green cross (total of 6 squares) between the two blue squares. The cross must be located exactly between the two blue squares; that is, the number of open black squares on one side will be the same number of open black squares as the other side.

---

In the input, you should see...10x10 grid two individual squares with the same color on the same line

The output grid size...the grid size will remain the same

To make the output, you have to...add a 3x3 green cross between the two squares perfect.

---

In the input, you should see...black

The output grid size...squares

To make the output, you have to...green

---

In the input, you should see...a 10x10 grid with two blue squares

The output grid size...the same size as the input grid and the blue squares are in the same spots (copy it over)

To make the output, you have to...imagine the line that would be formed by the blue squares and fill in the middle square with green. Then using the green square as a starting place fill in the block above, below, and on each side with green. It should look like a plus sign.

---

In the input, you should see... a 10x10 grid with two blue squares space out

The output grid size... remains a 10x10 grid

To make the output, you have to... replicate the location of the two blue squares. Then color the half way point of the two with a green square. From that green square, also color the top, bottom, left, and right square from it green to make a plus sign.

---

