# Task: ea32f347.json

In the input, you should see...three gray lines of differing lengths on a black background

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...change the color of the lines. The longest line needs to be colored blue. The middle length line needs to be colored yellow. The shortest line needs to be colored red.

---

In the input, you should see... three gray lines, each a different length, and the background is black.

The output grid size... is same size as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... color the lines based on their length: longest is blue, medium is yellow, and smallest is red.

---

In the input, you should see... three gray line in different lengths

The output grid size... don't change

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid then simply change the color into the long gray line into blue middle grey color into yellow short line into red

---

In the input, you should see...three rectangles on a black background.

The output grid size...remains the same.

To make the output, you have to...change the shortest rectangle to red, the middle rectangle to yellow, and the longest rectangle to blue.

---

In the input, you should see...three grey lines, each a different length.

The output grid size...stays the same size as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to... copy the input grid, but make the longest line blue, the middle length line yellow, and the shortest line red.

---

In the input, you should see...three gray lines of differing lengths on a black background.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...change the color of the lines. The longest line should be blue. The middle length should be colored yellow. The shortest line should be red.

---

