# Task: ec883f72.json

In the input, you should see... a square within a square, with the center square a different color.

The output grid size...is the same size as the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...extend a diagonal line from each visible corner of the outer square. This diagonal line should match the color of the inner square.

---

In the input, you should see...a square with a different colored center

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size.

To make the output, you have to...add diagonal lines extending from each corner of the outer squares to the edge of the output grid.

---

In the input, you should see...A smaller square with a border box of a different color

The output grid size...Copy the input grid size to the output

To make the output, you have to...Extend squares of the color of the smaller square from the corners of the border box on a diagonal until you touch the edge of the grid.

---

In the input, you should see...a square within another square that is a different color.

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size.

To make the output, you have to...Add diagonal lines from the corner of the larger box to the end of the grid, using the color of the inner box.

---

In the input, you should see...a partially filled in rectangle surrounded by a single pixel border

The output grid size...the same size as the original size

To make the output, you have to...replicate the input image and add diagonal lines moving from each corner of the border to the edge of the output image.  Diagonal line should be the same color as the inner rectangle

---

