# Task: f35d900a.json

In the input, you should see...black background with two grids of the same color and another two grid of a different color

The output grid size...is the same as the input grid size.

To make the output, you have to...copy the input grid, identify the colors of the colored grids. we will call it color A and color B. Around the grids with color A, create a 3x3 square with color B, surrounding the color A grids. Around the grids with color B, create a 3x3 square with color A, surrounding the color B grids. Now we should have four 3x3 squares, in which two squares are A color with B colored grid in their centers.

---

In the input, you should see...two different color grid

The output grid size... same as input size

To make the output, you have to...fill a grid with another color grid around a color grid.  connect the 3x3 square box by grey color and black color followed.

---

In the input, you should see... 4 dots, 2 blue, and 2 green diagonally from each other

The output grid size... is the same size

To make the output, you have to...surround each dot using the opposite color on the input they should be 3x3 squares. Next, you connect the 3x3 squares with alternating grey and black dots, starting with grey touching the colored 3x3

---

In the input, you should see... 4 dots, 2 blue, and 2 green diagonally from each other

The output grid size... is the same size

To make the output, you have to...surround each dot using the opposite color on the input they should be 3x3 squares. Next, you connect the 3x3 squares with alternating grey and black dots, starting with grey touching the colored 3x3

---

In the input, you should see... black background with two grids of the same color and another two grids of a different color.

The output grid size... is the same as the input grid size.

To make the output, you have to... First, copy the input grid. Next, identify the colors of the colored grids - we will call it color A and color B. Around the grids with color A, create a 3x3 square with color B, surrounding the color A grids. Around the grids with color B, create a 3x3 square with color A, surrounding the color B grids. Now you should have four 3x3 squares, in which two squares are A color with B colored grid in their centers and two B colored squares with A colored grid in their centers. Next, you have to link the squares with each other by creating grey grids and black grids alternately between each square, starting at the first column or first row right next to each square's side's middle grid.

---

