# Task: ff805c23.json

In the input, you should see...a pattern with a blue square on top of it

The output grid size...becomes the size of the blue square

To make the output, you have to...fill in the blue square with the missing piece of the pattern from the input grid, using the correct colors from the original

---

In the input, you should see...s  a blue square on the top of the right.

The output grid size...your grid size should be the same as the blue square.

To make the output, you have to...fill  the blue square with the same pattern  with the input grid (that is.. the original pattern that need be there in the input)

---

In the input, you should see...a pattern with a blue square in it

The output grid size...is the same size as the blue square

To make the output, you have to...fill the blue square with the missing piece of the pattern from the input grid, using the same colors.

---

In the input, you should see...a pattern with patterns in the four corners and a 5x5 square of another color in another place.

The output grid size...will be the same size as the square in the input grid.

To make the output, you have to...replicate the pattern that the square shape is on top of in the input grid using the same color that the box is on top of in the input grid as well.

---

In the input, you should see...a 24x24 grid. The grid should show each corner with a green section of blocks and a 5x5 blue block.

The output grid size...should become the same size as the blue block.

To make the output, you have to...fill in the pattern of the input design. The blue block is overlapping the original pattern and that missing pattern should appear in the output.

---

